# Info 201 Project
## Domain of Interest - Movies and TV Shows on Various Streaming Platforms

- Our group is interested in this domain because ___
- Other examples of data-driven projects related to this domain include:
    - Example 1
    - Example 2
    - Example 3
- Data-driven questions we hope to answer about this domain include:
    - What are the user demographics of various streaming platforms?
    - What genres are most popular on each streaming platform? (Do these align with other streaming platforms?)
    - How have the duration, ratings, and genres of tv shows and movies on various streaming platforms changed over the years?

## Finding Data
#### Source 1: Netflix Movies and TV Shows
- We downloaded this data from [kaggle](https://www.kaggle.com/shivamb/netflix-shows).
- The data was collected or generated by _Shivam Bansal_, 10 months ago, using Flixable, a third-party Netflix search engine, to analyze various factors about Netflix's catalog (such as the rating, genre, and duration of various movies and tv shows).
- There are **6235** observations (rows) in our data.
- There are **12** features (columns) in our data.
- This dataset can be used to answer the question(s):
    - What content is available in different countries? Which country has the most content available?
    - What are the most popular genres for movies and tv shows (on Netflix)?
    - How have the duration, ratings, and genres of tv shows and movies on Netflix changed over the years?

#### Source 2:
- We downloaded this data from ___
- The data was collected or generated by ___ (person + what is data about)
- There are ___ observations (rows) in our data
- There are ___ features (columns) in our data
- This dataset can be used to answer the question(s):

#### Source 3:
- We downloaded this data from ___
- The data was collected or generated by ___ (person + what is data about)
- There are ___ observations (rows) in our data
- There are ___ features (columns) in our data
- This dataset can be used to answer the question(s):
